okay so we're about to meet Heather and
I'd like a bunch of guys here you know
it's it's hard to not try and keep
yourself motivated so like do all those
things obviously yeah you guys know to
try and just make yourself happy so yeah
it's you know I've been working on like
writing and just trying to keep
everything like alive stay off
optimistic about things you know so I'm
excited you know like trying to write
produced so right now you're is planning
to release her own album no not singing
yeah but no it's just acting
yeah just like trying to get some work
done okay um are you working on anything
right now
no couple projects coming up but just
auditioning okay did you ever like dream
of going to the Philippines I mean I've
always loved to travel so um I got to
come here once before to go stuff
okay for vacation no I was here with a
artist so I was dancing
sorry I've got to try the egg the sticky
sticky rice it's work so I'm I leave you
Thursday yeah if you give it a chance
I mean I would obviously I would love to
do anything I look the countryside's
were so beautiful and they're gorgeous
you know it's like we're saying like the
agriculture is just like so prominent
then you get to the city and there's
like a city and then it's like so I
would like to go you know maybe just
take like a tour and something like that
and go to the beach oh I'm sure
they're so like I don't know they're so
supportive and like I mean and I don't
just online like the things that people
say and they're just it's just so
personal and so you know like
everybody's just so like they want to
give you everything just like keep
trying we love you so much and it was
just so it's like it's like we're
planning to go back like any time just
for vacation enough artwork yes my self
hmm maybe in the rest but I end up going
like hmm
you have a visit at any Beach so
hopefully so yeah hopefully
congratulations and thank you very much
for being so nice
you